Add README for Integrations (mappings) (#131)
Shopify/product-taxonomy: data/integrations/README.md

│   │   └── full_names.yml
│   └── <another version>
│       └── ...
└── <integration 2> #...
```

Generated distribution files for mappings can be found in `dist/{locale}/integrations`.

```
dist/{locale}/integrations/
├── all_mappings.json  # contains all taxonomy mappings for all available integrations
├── <integration 1>  # e.g. google, shopify
│   ├── <source_taxonomy_version>_to_<target_taxonomy_version>.json # e.g. shopify_2024-04_to_google_2021-09-21.json
│   └── <source_taxonomy_version>_to_<target_taxonomy_version>.txt
└── <integration 2>
```

### Mappings
The primary concern of integrations are mappings. Mappings are a set of rules that help us convert to and from the Shopify taxonomy and the taxonomy of that integration.

#### Examples of mapping rules

```yaml
# Mapping rule from Shopify taxonomy to Google taxonomy
input:
  product_category_id: aa # Apparel & Accessories (Shopify)
output:
  product_category_id:
  - '166' # Apparel & Accessories (Google)

# Mapping rule from Shopify legacy taxonomy to Shopify latest taxonomy
input:
  product_category_id: 126
output:
  product_category_id:
  - aa
```

<details>
<summary>Output as JSON</summary>

> For example, `dist/en/integrations/all_mappings.json` contains their generated JSON output

Author: _nit:_ Just a slight tweak to the sentence. Also, the code formatting with the backticks don't work - needs a new line between the `<summary>` tag and the sentence:

```suggestion

For the example above, `dist/en/integrations/all_mappings.json` would contain the following generated JSON output
```

    ├── <integration 1>  # name/handle of the commerce system (e.g. google/amazon)
    │   ├── <version> # e.g. v1.0.1 or 2024-04
    │   │   └── mappings
    │   │       ├── from_shopify.yml
    │   │       └── to_shopify.yml
    │   └── <another version>
    │       └── ...
    └── <integration 2> #...
```

### Mappings
The primary concern of integrations are mappings. Mappings are a set of rules that help us convert to and from the Shopify taxonomy and the taxonomy of that integration.

Each mapping is generated from a set of mapping rules that are defined as inputs and outputs. Inputs and outputs are sparse-products which means they are shaped like the products of the taxonomies being mapped. Attributes in a input/output can be one of the following:

| Type of Entry | Matching logic |
|---------------|----------------|
| single value |match for this specific single value |
| list | match for any value that is in the list of values |
| present | match for any any valid value for this attribute |
| nil | matches when the value is not present (or is a null-type) |

#### Examples of mapping rules

```yaml
# Simple mapping rule (e.g. Shopify -> Google)
input:

>     product_category_id: 126 # Apparel & Accessories (Shopify)

Reviewer: If we're showing shopify, should we use our new category IDs? (e.g., `aa` here)

        - 9539894011 # Women > Jewelry > Women's Wedding & Engagement Rings
        - 9539902011 # Women's Anniversary Rings
        - 9539895011 # Women's Bridal Rings
        - 9539896011 # Women's Engagement Rings
        #...
```

```yaml
# Rule 2 - Men's Rings
input
    product_category_id: aa-6-9 # Shopify: Apparel & Accessories > Clothing > Rings
    attributes:
    - name: target_gender
      value: Male
output
    amazon_category: # list of all valid categories for male rings
        - 3888171 # Men > Jewelry > Rings
        - 9539904011 # Men > Jewelry > Wedding Rings
        - 3880891 # Boys > Jewelry > Rings
```

```yaml
# Rule 3 - Women's Rings
input
    product_category_id: aa-6-9 # Shopify: Apparel & Accessories > Clothing > Rings
    attributes:
        - name: target_gender
          value: Female
output
    amazon_category: # list of all valid categories for female rings
        - 9539894011 # Women > Jewelry > Women's Wedding & Engagement Rings
        - 9539902011 # Women's Anniversary Rings
        - 9539895011 # Women's Bridal Rings
        - 9539896011 # Women's Engagement Rings
        - 3881961 # Girls > Jewelry > Rings
```

> **Final Mapping (JSON output)**

Reviewer: Given we're showing a tableized view, we can probably snip the `(JSON output)` in the header? Otherwise I think we should show actual JSON here
